Genesis (#111)
cosmos/launch: GENESIS.md

go run main.go
```

> A few lines of text should be printed, followed by two lines listing the total address count and total ATOM supply, and `genesis.json` should be written.

Reviewer: In all other places this is still called `penultimate_genesis.json`?

Author: Yeh I left it in the ceremony documentation. Should I just recommit the old penultimate back so the links work?

Reviewer: Ok, I see. 

> Should I just recommit the old penultimate back so the links work?

I guess it might be a little confusing otherwise.

Author: Ok pushed itback

> A few lines of text should be printed, followed by two lines listing the total address count and total ATOM supply, and `genesis.json` should be written.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A few lines of text should be printed, followed by three lines listing the total address count, total ATOM supply, and total gentx count, and `genesis.json` should be written.
```

Each subcomponent can be verified according to the `README.md` and `main.go` files
in the respective directory under `accounts`.

## Genesis Validator Ceremony

A ceremony was held to determine an initial validator set for the recommended
genesis state. The ceremony allowed anyone with a recommended allocation of ATOMs 
to submit a signed "genesis transaction" declaring their intention to be in the initial
validator set. The ceremony was conducted in [this very GitHub
repository](https://github.com/cosmos/launch). 
Details about the ceremony can be found [here](GENESIS-CEREMONY.md).

A total of 67 valid gentx submissions were merged into the `gentx` directory and are

> included in the recommended genesis state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
included in the recommended genesis state. 2/3 of these validators by stake will need to come online in order for the network to start.
```
